Bump `pydantic-core` to v2.29.0 (#11402)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/errors/validation_errors.md

    #> 'set_type'
```

## `set_item_not_hashable`

> This error is raised when one of the values being added to a `set` field is not hashable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is raised when an unhashable value is validated against a [`set`][]```

```python

> from typing import Set
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

from pydantic import BaseModel, ValidationError

class Model(BaseModel):

>     x: Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    x: set[object]
```
